Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help! Yo mama so bald you can see whats on her mind Yo mama so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed. Yo mama's so bald her hair looks like stitches. Yo mama's so bald she curls her hair with rice. Yo momma is so bald and talented she can blow dry her hair answer yes to all your questions and give head at the same time Yo mama's so bald, Mr. Clean got jealous. Yo mama's so bald, that when she put on a sweater, folk thought she was a roll on deoderant! Yo mama's so bald, when she braids her hair, it remind me of stitches. Yo mama's so bald, when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow. yo mama is so bald that when she stood near a wall Lil wayne sang "Mirror On The Wall" Yo mama so bald, I could polish her head and take her bowling. Yo mama soo bald even the hairdressers used her head for a mirror Yo momma so bald, you can play Air Hockey on her head. Yo mama so bald that Vin Diesel thought she was his twin. Yo Moma is so bald, that when i rubbed on her head i could see the future. Yo mamma so bald birds land on her head yo mommas so bald, we thought the sun was rising when she got up yo momma so bald that when its cloudy out at night you still see a full moon Yo momma so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a busted condom. Yo mama's ass is so hairy they have it on a sign at Yellowstone saying "Don't feed the bears" Yo mama's forehead looks so big people mistake it for the "Great Wall of China." yo mama forehead is so big that you can sit a whole dinner table on it. Yo mama's head is so big, she has to go around the corner to change her mind.  Yo mama's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagara falls.  Yo mama's head is so big, it shows up on radar.  Yo mama's head is so big, when she tries to tie her shoes, the bitch flips over.  Yo mama's head is so big, she has to step into her shirts. Yo Mama head is so big she needs cotton wool to fill up her brain Yo mama's head is so big, she don't have dreams, she has movies.  Your MaMa's head is so big, instead of needing a pillow, she needs the Moon. Yo mama's head is so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.  Yo mama's head is so little, she could wear fruit loops as head rags.  Yo mama's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died.  Yo mama's head is so small, she uses a tea bag for a pillow.  yo mama head is filled of so much hot air she can fly like the birds and sing like a canary. Yo mama's hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.  Yo mama's legs are like Jif, easy to spread.  Yo mama's legs are so hairy if she had fur coat & a banana they'd stick her back in the zoo.  Yo mama's legs are so white, they'd disintegrate Dracula.  Yo mama's lips are so big, that ChapStick had to invent a spray.  Yo mama's lips are so big, she whispers in her own ear Yo mamma lips so Big, she got to put her lipstick on with a paint brush Yo mama's lips are so big, she uses Mop & Glow for lipstick.  Yo mama's lips are so big, when you smile you wet your hair.  Yo mama's lips are so big, when she smiles she gets ChapStick on her ears.  Yo mama's lips are so big, she went to whisper in my ear and she whispered in both my ears at the same time Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.  Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat! Yo mama nose so big that her neck broke from the weight! Yo mama teeth are so big she flosses with a blanket Yo mamas teeth so big when she laughs she stabs herself in the chest Yo mama teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles! Yo momma teeth so yellow that when she looked up at the sun the sun said hey cuz! Yo mama teeth are so yellow when she closes her mouth her butt lights up Your Mama's teeth are so jacked, they look like a toolbox of rusty nails! Yo mamas teeth are so yellow,I thought I was watching despicable.me Yo mama teeth are so yellow she spits butter on popcorn! yo mama teeth so yellow when she smiled she looked like a Chevrolet logo! yo mama teeth are so yellow when she went to church the priest said I see light Yo mamas teeth are so yellow when she stands at a crosswalk the cars slow down Yo momma teeth so yellow when she smiled traffic slowed down Yo mama so teeth so nasty, she was accused of doing meth. yo momma teeth so dirty when she went to reach for her tooth brush and it did the matrix and said "you not picking me" Yo mama teeth are so yellow it looks like she brushes her teeth with vanilla wafers Yo mamma teeth so yellow they worth more than 10 gold bars yo mama teeth is so yellow  when she drink water  it turns into lemonade Yo mama's teeth so big, when I seen her I thought she was Chuckie Cheese Yo mama teeth is so yellow that when god said let their be light, she opened her mouth. Yo mama teeth so big when she sneezes she pokes a hole throw her stomach Yo mama's teeth are so yellow I can't beilieve it's butter! Yo mama teeth is so bright the Sun needs glasses Yo mama teeth so yellow, when she smiled it looked like she was giving out free urine samples. Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles she puts the sun out of buisness for good. yo mama so bucktoothed she put the easter bunny out of business. Yo mama pussy smell soo bad yo daddy ran for shore...... "Yo mama pussy so tight, it squeaks when she walks!" Yo mama pussy so tight, instead of using a Tampon, she uses a Q-tip. Yo mama pussy so tight, all the guys need a pry her loose with a Crow Bar before they Bang her. Yo mama pussy so tight, she had to drill a hole in her Gina so she can insert a Tampon Yo mama is so old her pussy is like a dried up chalk board Yo mama's ass is so big, she has to use a reservoir for a toilet Yo mama's ankles are so ashy, it looks like she's wearing socks.  Yo mama's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two.  Yo mama's butt is so big, it looks like 2 pigs fighting over milk duds.  Yo mama's feet are so big and nasty, when she wants jam, she gets someone to run a loaf of bread between her toes.  Yo mama's feet so big, her sneakers need license plates.  Yo mama's ass is so big, its got more crack than Mayor Marion Barry.  Yo mama's ass is so big, she takes up 5 rows of seats in the theater.  Yo Mama's ass is so big, her toilet's got a wave machine. yo mamma got such a big butt, Nicki Minaj is jealous. Yo momma ass is so big, she bent over and got arrested for selling crack.  Yo momma forehead's so big, you could show slides on it.  Yo mama's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound.  Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Chocolate Milk.  Yo mama's neck is so wrinkled, she can grate cheese on it.  yo mama's neck so long when she drank milk it expired before it got to her stomach Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Yoo Hoo.  Yo mama's butt cheeks are so big, even Moses couldn't part them.  Yo mama teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice. Yo mama bites her nails so much, her stomach needs a manicure! Yo Mama's scalp so dirty, her hair started a protest...Hell no we won't grow....Hell No.... Yo mama's legs are like curdled milk, white and chunky Yo mama so stupid, she thought mentos were a man's toes and wondered why people ate them. Yo momma has one toe,and one knee, we call her tony Your momma's vagina is so shaved everybody thought it was a credit card swipe! your mummas clit was so dry that every time she'd masterbate she'd put 4 liters of lube just to get wet Your mama's so fat when she stuck her finger into her belly button it had to be amputated. Yo mama's so black every time she gets in a car the check oil light comes on Yo mama's so black if she sat in a jacuzy the water turned into coffee Yo mama's so black she went to night school and got marked absent Yo mama's so black she bleeds smoke Yo mama's so black she drinks water and pees coffee. Yo mama's so black that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime Yo mama's so black I shot her and the bullets came back with flashlights saying "I can't find the bitch" Yo mama so black her blood type is burnt Yo mama's so black, she could show up naked to a funeral. Yo mama's so black, when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger. Yo mama's so black, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal. yo mama so black when she eats chocolate cake she has to put white gloves on. Yo mama's so black, her ass looks like two tires. Yo mama's so black, she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars. Yo mama's so black, when she goes outside the street lights turn on. yo momma is so black, when you wrap her in plastic she looks like soy sauce. Yo mama's so black, she got her tattoo done in chalk. yo mama so black she got a PHD in Hide-N-Seek your momma is so black when she turned to the dark side the sith became jedis Yo mama so black that when she was born they had to look for her with a torch yo momma so black, when god made her he said "Damn I burnt one" yo momma so black her refrigerator only has KFC, malt liquor, and Tahitian Treat Yo momma so black you cant see when shit comes out of her crack. Yo mama so black she don't know who her daddy is and neither do you. Your mama so black she put night out of business. yo mama so black that the cctv cameras went to night mode as soon as it saw her during the day. Yo mama so black she has to use coffee grounds as makeup Yo mama so black she blend in with the chalkboard Your mama so black and ugly when she walks by an automated toilet it flushes Yo mama so black and ugly when she looked in the mirror she said "Holy Shit" Yo mama so black people think shes batman Yo Mama so black she walked into a restaraunt wearing a black shirt, The manager said no shoes, no shirt, no service. yo mama's ass is so black that your dad doesn't buy shoe polish Yo mama so black that she literally spits rhymes. Yo momma so black, nobody knows where she begins and her shadow ends. Yo mama so black, she makes Darth Vader look like he needs a tan! Yo mama so fat and black, Matthew McConaughey went intersellar on her ass. "Your mama so black, when you go shopping with her on Fridays, you'll always get 75% off". Yo momma so black when she got out the car the oil light came on Yo mama's so black, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper. yo mama so black she could pull her lips over her head and turn them into a beanie Yo momma so black, her nickname is blacker because nothing is blacker than yo momma. Yo momma is so black Wesley Snipes, Don Cheadle, and Jessie Lawrence Fergueson fight to call her momma. Yo mama's so black, she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows. Yo mama so black and old she refuses to take aspirin, because she's tired of picking cotton Yo mama's so Black she looks like a satellite picture of North Korea at night. Yo mama so black, Batman uses her as a backup cape. Yo mamas so black and dumb, she got diarrhea and told the doctor she was melting. Yo mama is so black, that she doesn't even need a shadow! Yo mama & daddy so black the dark side of the moon got jealous Yo mama's so black, when she spits, ink comes out her mouth. Yo mama and daddy so black that your family pictures look like ultrasounds Yo mama's so black when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants yo mama is so black, when she drinks milk you can see it going down her throat Yo mama is so fat and black when she goes swimming the coast guard thinks there's an oil spill. Yo mama's so black when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights Yo mama's so black when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill. Yo mama so black she breastfeeds chocolate milk yo mama so black, little kids think she's the worlds biggest brownie. Yo mama so black, Batman had to call himself the white knight. yo mama is so black when she jumped into the pool the pool said sorry i don't drink coke Yo mama so black and her teeth are so yellow, when she was crossing the road at night the only way you could see her was when she smiled. Yo mama so black, when she comes outside, I get free nights and weekends Yo mama so black, I clicked on her profile pic and thought my phone died. Yo mama is so black, we were walking and she stepped on the black asphalt and I was like "Wow where'd she go?" Yo Momma So black, she was born with bad credit. Yo mama so black and fat her nickname is Hershey's Special Dark yo mama so poor and black when she comes home the roaches sing "We are family" yo momma is so black when she broke her leg and got crutches they called her shit on a stick Yo mama so black when she lay in the street she look like a skid mark yo mama so black and diabetic she pees chocolate milk and shits award winning brownies. Yo momma so fat and black, she looks like a burnt marshmallow. Yo mama so black that the moon has to follow her at night Yo mama so black that when my phones dead I see her profile picture. Yo momma is so black that when she skydived at night and her parachute failed, nobody noticed. Yo mama's so black, when she went to night school she got marked absent! Yo mama's so black, if they put you in a bottle You'd be a Pepsi Yo mama's so black if she had a red light she'd be a beeper. yo mama so black when she jumped up it was night Yo mama's so black we use a flash light to see her at night Yo Momma so black that when she went to a funeral butt naked and every one thought she was properly dressed. yo momma so black that she got in the hot-tub and made coffee! yo momma so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer! yo mama so fat and black that when she go to the beach people yell "Free willy!" Yo mama is so black on the beach they call her an oil spill yo momma so black. yo daddy decided to use her as charcoal for the fire  Yo mama is so black she looks like a giant candy bar yo mama so black that when I clicked on her profile pic I thought my phone battery died Yo mama so black, fat, and hairy she had sex with a white boy and gave birth to a panda bear. Yo momma so black, I can see her eyes floating at night. your mama so big and black, when she walked around the city she invented the word "blackout" and its still used to this day. Yo momma so black, everything she says is full of shit yo momma so black her nickname was and is midnight Your momma so black that all you see is her teeth at night. Yo mama so short and black that people call her ne(don't)gro Yo mama so black her shadow was laid-off. Yo mama so black, when God said, "Let there be light!" He had to turn to her and say, "Ahem! I said let there be light....? That means you gotta leave." YO Mama's so black when she was born her parents said 'oh shit happened' Your momma so black... She has to turn tricks on sunny days only! Yo mama is so black they shredded her and put her in a crayola box with the whites and Mexicans Yo Mama's so black that her favorite dinosaur is a Tri-scared-a-cops Yo mama so fat, black and diabetic, her tears are made of nutella. Yo momma so fat and black when she jumped into the ocean they accused BP of another oil spill. you mama so fat and black, god thought she was the worlds largest bowling ball. Yo momma so black she's the reason kids are afraid of the dark. Yo mama so black, she always wins at laser tag because the other lasers cant find her. Yo mama is so black you could not even see her pussy yo momma so black that god said shit I burned one Yo Mama so black she joined the SWAT Team and all they gave her was a gun.  Did you ever hear of the black symphony cellist? Yo Ma Ma Yo mama so butch, she threw the shot-put in high-school. Yo mama so butch, her dick is bigger than mine. Yo mama so butch, her middle name is Rambo Yo mama is so masculine that everytime she grunts, she grows a mustache. Yo mama so butch, not even Cristiane "Cyborg" Justino would step into a ring with her. Yo mama so butch, she's the worlds first a one-legged lesbian kick boxer. Yo momma so butch, even Justin Beiber wanted to be her girlfriend. Yo momma so butch that her hair doesn't go past her ears.  Yo momma so butch, she's twice the man you are Yo momma so butch, she kicked Holly Holm so hard in the head it knocked Ronda Rousey out. Yo mama so butch she takes more steroids than A-Rod. Yo mama so butch, she fixes her own car. Yo mama so butch evern her pool table has no balls. Yo momma so butch, she has a tattoo on her back that says "Who's The Man?" Yo mama so butch she's one hell of a knockout. Yo mamma so butch she makes yo daddy ride bitch on her motorcycle. Yo mama so chatty when she signed into Skype it said "Error: Too Much Information" Yo mama so chatty she's the reason, Raj from the Big Bang Theory doesn't talk to women. Yo momma so chatty that even Whitney Cummings became annoyed. Yo mamma so chatty her parents must have been siblings. Yo mama so chatty, the only place she's ever invited is outside. Yo momma so chatty she went through 7 sets of foster parents, because she kept talking them to death. Yo mama so chatty, I'll never forget the time we first met, although I'll keep trying. Yo mama so chatty, her voice box died when she was 5! Yo mama so chatty that I don't just think she's annoying... I think she might also be... insane. yo mama so chatty that her parents legally emancipated her the first chance they got. Yo mama so chatty, that if ignorance is bliss, then she must be the happiest person alive. Yo mamma so chatty that if she killed every person that haters her, it wouldn't be murder it would be genocide. Yo mama so chatty, I gave her a quarter and told her to call all her friends and she brought back change. Yo mama so chatty, even the pastor tries to avoid her. Yo mama so chatty her nickname is Blabbermouth. Yo mama so ugly she is the reason why Batman wears black. Yo mama so ugly she made the Joker stop laughing Yo momma so old she knew Nick Fury when both of his eyes worked. Yo mama so stupid she made an appointment with Dr. Doom Yo mama so ugly when she puts on her Superman costume people yell out Bizzaro. Yo Mama so short she became a sidekick to Ant-Man Yo mama so fat when she joined the Avengers, she destroyed New York City. Yo mama so stupid she thought Captain America was an American sailor Yo momma so ugly she put Deadpool to shame. Yo Mama's farts are so toxic when she farted The Multiverse exploded. yo mama so fat that Nightcrawler carnt teleport to the other side of her. Yo mama so old she knew Captain America before he was frozen in a glacier Yo mama is so fat, when the Flash tried to run around her, he died before he could even get halfway. yo mama so ugly when she joined the Legion of doom Lex Luthor made her leader which the justice league could not help Yo mama so ugly her blood is the main ingredient in Kryptonite Yo momma so ugly she's the reason way Dr. Doom wears a mask. Yo mama so mean that when she wears green people think she's the Incredible Hulk. yo mamas so ugly she scared the colossal titan (Attack on Titan). Yo mamma so fat, that the backstory of DeadPOOL was when she jumped into my pool! Yo momma so mean, Bruce Banner turns green just thinking about her. Yo mamma so fat that even Superman couldn't pick her up. Yo mama so fat that only Richie Rich could pay for her lipo-suction operation. Yo mama so stupid she thought Ultron was a new security system. Yo mama so fat the Flash died running around her. Yo momma so big that even the Hulk couldn't smash her Yo mama so nasty she's not even allowed to look at Thor's hammer. Yo mama is so stupid she went to the super market to see Superman Yo mama so fat she ate the entire Green Lantern corp. Yo momma so fat that she ate all six Infinity Stones and none of the Avengers could find them. Yo momma so fat, that Mr. Magoo has her step on a scale every time he forgets his phone number. Yo momma so ugly she's the reason Nick Fury only has one eye. Yo momma such a slut she had a threeway with "The Tick" and "Swamp Thing". Yo momma so ugly even Daredevil can see her coming a mile away. Yo momma so crazy I asked her if she liked Star Wars and she told me she has a vibrating light saber under her bed! Yo momma so paranoid she knows more about your girlfriend than you do. Yo mama so crazy she tried to screw the ATM to get money. Yo momma so crazy I saw her on a wanted poster at the post office. Yo mama so paranoid she did a background check on all of your friends. Yo mama so paranoid she double checks your doctor on WebMD during the appointment. Yo momma so ignorant she thinks all black people can play basketball. Yo mama so paranoid she checks your girlfriends for breast cancer. Yo mamma so crazy she tried to put a Happy Meal on layaway. Yo momma so crazy doctors readjust her meds on a daily basis. Yo mama so crazy she created a gmail account just so she can eat the spam.  Yo mama is so crazy not even Google could translate her.   Yo mama so crazy she disses her kids with Yo mama Jokes.   Yo mama so crazy when I asked her why she likes to smell her own farts for. She replied "Because im addicted to crack."   Yo mama so crazy, whenever she goes running she takes the psycho-path.   Yo momma so paranoid, she is a serial killer in disguise.   Yo momma is such a scaredy cat she walks down the hall with a BB gun in her hands.   Yo mama so crazy she went to the library to find Facebook.  Yo mama so crazy she thought TuPac Shakur was a Jewish holiday.   Yo mama so paranoid, when playing Monopoly, before passing go, she stops and looks both ways.    yo momma so crazy she put paper on the TV and called it paper view.    Yo momma so crazy she walks around in a strait-jacket.    Yo mamma so crazy she allowed the priest to give you a prostate exam.    Yo momma so crazy when she wanted to fight, she said "It's me, myself, & I against you. Its 3 of us & 1 of you".    your momma so crazy she has a beehive in her weave. Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she thought her only child was a twin.  Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she has to sit sideways at the movie theater.  Yo mama' so cross-eyed, when she has sex she thinks its a threesome.  Yo mama' so cross-eyed, everytime she cries tears fall down her back yo mama' so cross-eyed when she sees a bird, you don't know if it's up or down yo mama so crossed eye she sees the future and the past at the same time! Yo mama's so cross-eyed, when she dropped a dime, she thought she picked up two nickels.  Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she can see the front and the back door at the same time Yo mama's so cross-eyed, everytime she has sex she thinks she's having a lesbian threesome.  Yo mama's so cross-eyed, when I put my dick in her mouth she said "One at a time!"  Yo momma so cross eyed, her husband left her for seeing someone on the side Yo mama's so dark every time she gets in a car the check oil light comes on Yo mama's so dark if she sat in a jacuzy the water turned into coffee Yo mama's so dark she went to night school and got marked absent Yo mama's so dark she bleeds smoke Yo mama's so dark she drinks water and pees coffee. Yo mama's so dark she went to night school and was marked absent. Yo mama's so dark that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime Yo mama's so dark I shot her and the bullets came back with flashlights saying "I can't find the bitch" Yo mama so dark her blood type is burnt Yo mama's so dark, she could show up naked to a funeral. Yo mama's so dark, when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger. Yo mama's so dark, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal. yo mama so dark when she eats chocolate cake she has to put white gloves on. Yo mama's so dark, her ass looks like two tires. Yo mama's so dark and large when she walked past the window we lost four days of sunlight. Yo mama so dark she blend in with the chalkboard Yo mama's so dark, she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars. Yo mama's so dark, when she goes outside street lights turn on. yo momma is so dark, when you wrap her in plastic she looks like soy sauce. Yo mama's so dark, she got her tattoo done in chalk. yo mama so dark she got a PHD in Hide-N-Seek Yo momma so dark you cant see when shit comes out of her crack. Yo momma so dark, her nickname is darker because nothing is darker than yo momma. Yo momma so dark when she got out the car the oil light came on yo momma so dark her nickname was and is midnight Yo mama's so dark, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper. yo mama is so dark when she jumped into the pool the pool said sorry i don't drink coke Yo momma is so dark Wesley Snipes, Don Cheadle, and Jessie Lawrence Fergueson fight to call her momma. Yo mama's so dark, she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows. Yo mama's so dark she looks like a satellite picture of North Korea at night. "Your mama so dark, when you go shopping with her on Fridays, you'll always get 75% off". Yo Mama so dark she walked into a restaraunt wearing a black shirt, The manager said no shoes, no shirt, no service. Yo mama so dark, Batman uses her as a backup cape. Yo mama's so dark, when she spits, ink comes out her mouth. yo mama so dark when she layed on white sheets it looked like there was a hole in the bed. Yo mama so dark she has to use coffee grounds as makeup Yo mama and daddy so dark that your family pictures look like ultrasounds Yo mama's so dark when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants Yo mama is so fat and black when she goes swimming the coast guard thinks there's an oil spill. Yo mama's so dark when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights Yo mama's so dark when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill. Yo mama so dark she breastfeeds chocolate milk Yo mama so dark, when she comes outside, I get free nights and weekends Yo mama so dark, I clicked on her profile pic and thought my phone died. Yo Momma so dark, she was born with bad credit. Yo mama so dark her shadow was laid-off. Yo mama so dark, when God said, "Let there be light!" He had to turn to her and say, "Ahem! I said let there be light....? That means you gotta leave." yo momma is so dark when she broke her leg and got crutches they called her shit on a stick Yo mama so dark when she lay in the street she look like a skid mark yo mama so poor and dark when she comes home the roaches sing "We are family" Yo momma so fat and black, she looks like a burnt marshmallow. Yo momma is so dark that when she skydived at night and her parachute failed, nobody noticed. Yo mama's so dark, when she went to night school she got marked absent! Yo mama's so dark, if they put you in a bottle You'd be a Pepsi Yo mama's so dark if she had a red light she'd be a beeper. yo mama so dark when she jumped up it was night Yo mama's so dark we use a flash light to see her at night yo momma so dark that she got in the hot-tub and made coffee! yo momma so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer! Yo mama so dark at midnight she fell and nobody could find her until morning. yo momma so dark. yo daddy decided to use her as charcoal for the fire  Yo mama is so dark they shredded her and put her in a crayola box with the whites and Mexicans Yo Mama's so dark that her favorite dinosaur is a Tri-scared-a-cops Yo mama is so dark she looks like a giant candy bar Yo mama is so dark you could not even see her pussy yo momma so dark that god said shit I burned one YO Mama's so dark when she was born her parents said 'oh shit happened' Yo Mama so dark she joined the SWAT Team and all they gave her was a gun.  Yo mama so dark she spits chocolate milk! Yo mama so dark, they made a movie of her heart transplant called "From the darkest heart of Africa" Yo mama so dark when the cops shot a bullet at her the bullet turned around and asked for a flashlight. Yo mama so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater. Yo mama so dirty she makes mud look clean. Yo mama so dirty that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation worries! Yo mama so dirty that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins. Yo mama so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean! Yo mama so dumb she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved! Yo mama so dumb she got hit by a cup and told the police she got mugged Yo mama is so dumb not even Google could translate her. Your mama so dumb she tried to climb mountain dew Yo mama so dumb she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds! yo mama so dumb she sprayed a tree with axe body spray and thought it would fall down Yo Momma is so dumb she bought tickets to Xbox Live Yo mamma so dumb that when she had to leave a voicemail she walked all the way to my house and screamed in my mailbox. Yo mama so dumb she stood on a chair to raise her IQ. Yo mama so dumb she thinks menopause is a button on a VCR Yo mama so dumb she goes to Apple store to get a Big Mac meal Yo mama is so dumb she thinks that Harlem shake is a drink Yo momma is so  dumb she stuck a phone up her ass to make a booty call your mama is so dumb she cut open a pineapple and said "Spongebob were are you?" Yo Mamma so dumb, she thought Spotify was a stain remover! yo mama is so dumb. She went to the eye doctor to buy an iPad. Yo mama so dumb, first time she used a vibrator she broke her two front teeth. your moms so dumb when the judge said "order!" she said "pie and chips please!" your momma so dumb she put catfood down her pants to feed her pussy! yo mama so dumb, I said drinks are on the house and she went to get a ladder Yo mama so dumb she disses her kids with Yo mama Jokes Yo mama so dumb, when the smoke alarm turned off, she tried to turn it back on by starting a fire. Yo mama SOOOOOO retarded she brought a bible to Church's Chicken. yo mama so dumb that she put a battery in water to make an energy drink. Yo mama so dumb, when the weather man said there will be a blizzard outside, she got a cup Yo mama's so dumb she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening go Eminem. Yo mama so dumb, she took her dog to Pet Smart to get an IQ Test. Yo mama so dumb she sued Xbox One for guessing her IQ Yo mama so dumb she went to the dentist to get her Bluetooth fixed. yo mama so stupid she made a appointment with DIET Dr. Pepper to get thinner. Yo Mama so dumb, she brought a ladder to go to HIGH SCHOOL! Yo mama so dumb when I said ''That act is stealing the show.'',  she called the police! Yo mamas so dumb, she thinks gluteus maximus is a Roman emperor. Yo mama so dumb she looked in the mirror and said what the f**k you lookin at! Your mama so dumb she put sugar on her bed? Because she wanted sweet dreams! Yo mamma is so dumb she gave birth to you on the I-75 because she heard thats where accidents happen yo momma so dumb she thought dunkin donuts was a basketball team. Yo Mama is so dumb, she thought a quarterback was an ATM. Yo mama so dumb when the questionnaire asked sex? She put in M F and sometimes Wednesday. Your mama so dumb she put a watch in the piggy bank and said she was saving time yo momma so dumb I peed in the snow she pick it up and thought it was a snow cone Yo mama so dumb and broke when I told her to get the Febreeze, she went out side and said "Where's the Free Breeze?" Yo mama so dumb that I said check out this cool new website and she got a broom and said wheres the spider Yo momma so dumb I told her christmas was around the corner and she went looking for it Yo mama so dumb she went to the library to find Facebook  Yo momma so dumb, Willy Wonka couldn't sugar coat it. Yo mama so dumb I asked her if she knew Pharell from the Neptunes and she said she only knows people from Earth Yo momma so dumb she got fired from a blow job Yo mama so dumb when the cop pulled her over and gave her a ticket she said "What movie are we going to see?" Yo mama so dumb she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album. Yo mama so dumb that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center. Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops. Yo mama so fat she sat on an iPhone and turned it into an iPad Yo mama so fat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof Yo momma so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight yo mama so fat that she dont need the internet she's already world wide Yo mama so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her. yo mama so fat that she gave draclua diabeties Your mama so fat, when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball. Yo mama so fat shes on both sides of the family Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds and they had to call Wendys for backup. Yo Momma so fat, I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!" Yo Mama So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not. Yo mama so fat when she sat on a dollar bill she squeezed a booger out of George Washingtons nose Yo mama so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds tripped over Burger King and landed on Wendy's! Yo mama so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble". Yo momma so fat that the National Weather Service named each of her farts. Yo mama so fat when she was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease, the doctors gave her 10 years to live! Yo mama so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up.  Yo mama so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she's in. Yo mama so fat that when she took a selfie, Instagram crashed. Yo momma so fat, she enjoys long romantic walks to the refrigerator. Yo mamas so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number" yo mama so greasy and fat she uses bacon as a bandaid Yo mama so fat, she can devour a Big Mac in two bites. yo mama so fat, her Apple Watch is and iPad Pro on a rope. Yo mama so fat she ate a whole Pizza....Hut. Yo mama so fat I use her as a queen size matress and she doesn't even know it Yo momma so fat Burger King hired her because she eats cows and shits hamburgers. Yo mama so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her Yo Mama so fat, that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide Yo mama so fat, she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle." Your Mama so fat that when she wore a blue dress everybody thought that the "sky was fallin" Yo mama so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it. Yo momma so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear. Yo mama so fat she uses Google Earth to take a selfie. yo Mama so fat her job with Hostess is why they went out of business Yo mama so fat when she sat on my iPad she made a flat screen tv! Yo mama so fat she just had a baby and said it was delicious Yo mama so fat her blood type is Nutella. Yo mama so fat that her only friend on Facebook is McDonald's. Yo mama so fat she went to a restaurant and got the group discount Yo mama so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died. Yo momma so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache. Yo mama so fat that when someone called her fat, she ate him Yo mama is so fat the police use her as a road blocker. Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through Yo mama so fat sets off car alarms when she runs. Yo Mama so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is rising yo momma is so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices yo momma so fat she blocks the WiFi signal Yo mama so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water Yo mama so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures Yo mama is so fat, it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side. Yo momma so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave. Yo momma so fat, she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant. Yo mama so fat, she masterbates to the food channel Yo mama so fat the government shut her down along with the rest of the national parks. Yo mama so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck. Yo mama so fat, she had a nice personality, but ate it. yo mama is so fat when she bent over and showed her crack the grand canyon said "DAMMMMMMMMMMN" yo mama so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies" Yo mama so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins Yo momma so fat, she curves space and time. Yo mama so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard. Yo mama so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles. Yo mama so fat then when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse. Yo mama so fat she was baptised in the ocean. YO Mama so FAT, she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June. Yo mama so fat I told her to haul ass & she hadda make two trips. Yo mama so fat when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down. Yo mama so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway. Your momma is so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement Yo mama so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it. Yo mama so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?" Yo mama so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow! Yo mama so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks. Yo mama's so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs! Yo mama so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet. Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks. Yo mama so fat were in her right now Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise Yo mama so fat she wears neck deorderant Yo mama so fat she has pork rind incense burning in her house yo momma is so fat her favorite basketball team is the Denver Nuggets Yo mama so fat when she sits on the beach she makes sandpaper Yo mama so fat she wears a sock on each toe Yo mama so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito) Yo mama so fat she got a bath from the cooking channel Yo mama so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her... Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for then new world Yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop! Yo mama so fat she straps an iPad on her arm before every run Yo mama so fat the army stole her underwear to use as parachutes Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!" Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized Yo mama so fat in the summer, people use her belly button as a swimming pool. Yo mama so fat her shits are as long as king kongs finger Yo mama so fat, if she was bricks she'd be a housing project. Yo mama so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway "You cant have a brother or a sister "Why?" "Yo mama so fat your daddy got squished in the process!" Your mom is so fat that she can't fit in this joke. Yo mama so fat she puts insurance on her food Yo mama so fat she can hear bacon cooking in Canada your mama so fat she aint got cellulite she got celluheavy Some people trade tit for tat, yo mama so fat she traded fit for fat Yo mama so fat, she did a belly flop and 2 weeks later they found water on Mars. Yo mama so fat, if she was a dinosaur, her name would be Jell-Osaurus Rex. Yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller Yo mama so fat, NASA thought she caused a solar eclipse Yo momma so fat I could travel halfway across the world and still see her shadow Yo momma so fat her cereal bowl comes with a life guard. Yo mama's so fat her patronus is a cake. Yo momma so fat she has to wear her pants backwards, because her front butt is bigger yo mama so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D Yo momma so fat the national weather service gives a name to each one of her farts. Yo mama's so fat she needs a steamroller to iron her clothes. yo mama so fat her favorite pirate is chips ahoy. your mama so fat the horse on her shirt is real your moms so fat when the judge said "Order in the Court!" she said "Pie and chips please!" Yo mama so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets yo momma so fat she was born in space and from then on she was know as Pluto (until they discoverd she wasnt a planet!) Yo momma is so fat she shits lard Yo momma her porta potty is bigger than my house Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too Yo mama so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn" Yo momma so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said ouch. Yo mama so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE! Yo mama so fat the only way she burns calories is when her food catches on fire Yo mama so fat she entered the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them Yo mama so fat she's the reason African kids are starving your mama is so fat that when I tried to take a picture off her, I had to get a mile away. yo mama so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please" Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please" Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo. Yo mamma so fat even penguins are jealous of the way she waddles. yo mama so fat when she drives a car people shout "hey its the fat and the furious!" yo mama so fat when I stabbed her in the stomach the whole McDonalds value meal came out of her Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued. Yo mama so fat she blew out both her tires on her roller skates Yo Mama so lazy AND fat, she ate all the lunch meat, and didn't bother to pack yo lunch. Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock. Yo mama so fat, when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island." Yo mama so fat she dont skinny dip she chunky dunks Yo momma so fat. Your father no longer finds her attractive and its destroying their marriage. Yo mama so fat her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs! Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code! Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon! Yo mama so fat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way Yo momma's so fat, she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook Yo mama is so fat that when she sits on the toilet it starts saying a,b,c,d,e,f,g,get your fat ass off of me  Yo mama so fat the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale Yo mama so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her! yo mama so fat she stuffed a turkey with her fat. Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in! Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A., Chicago... Yo momma so fat she downloads cheat codes for wii fit. Yo mama so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg. Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction! Yo Mama so fat, she has a KFC bucket in her hands at all times Yo mama so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky! yo mama so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina. Yo mama so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side! Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections! Yo mama so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER! Yo mama so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose. Yo mama so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar! Your mother is so fat, its illegal for her to skydive because the world only needs one grand canyon. Yo mamas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out Yo momma so fat, the only thing stopping her from going to work in the morning is the front door Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun! Yo mama so fat when she bunge jumps she goes straight to hell! Yo mama so fat, when she bends over, helicopters think her butt's a landing pad Yo momma so fat she masturbates to cook books Yo momma so fat she went to Hollister and the manager told her to leave cause none of the clothes could fit her. Yo mama so fat when she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator your mamma so fat that when she went skydiving people thought she was a hot air balloon. Yo mama so fat when her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters Yo mommas so fat she uses a whole stick of deodorant on half an armpit.   Yo mommas so fat when she died and went to heaven Jesus said there was no room so then she went to hell and the devil said HELL NO. Yo mama so fat when she farted in the Gulf of Mexico it caused Hurricane Katrina Yo mama so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!! yo mama so fat when she went to heaven she didn't get a mansion she goat a 24 hour mcdonalds. Yo mama so fat she goes to KFC and licks other peoples fingers Yo mama so fat that her senior pictures had to be aerial views! Yo mamma so fat even Kirby can't eat her. Yo mama so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil! Yo mama so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon! Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in! Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks! Yo mamma so fat she has front, side, and back boobs Yo mama so fat she doesn't have corn rows she has crop circles Yo mama so fat, she's the reason buffets installed speed bumps Yo mamma so fat a vampire bit her and got Type 2 diabetes.  Yo mama so fat if she had a porn name it would be Krispy Kreme. Yo mama so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand! Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber Yo mama so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights! Yo mama so fat she got hit by a parked car! Yo mama so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out! Yo mama so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans! Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued. Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!" Yo mama so fat she has to get out of the car to change the radio station Yo mama so fat Japanese harpooners daydream of what she would look like, in a ham slicer. Yo mama so fat when she get hurt we take her to the hospital in a pick up truck yo mamma so fat it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her Yo mama so hungry when she goes to the petting zoo she brings barbecue sauce. your mama so fat when someome tried to fuck her it was like throwing a hotdog down a really long hallway Yo mama so fat she sweats more than a dog in a chinese resturaunt. Yo mama so fat her shadow weighs 35 pounds Yo mama so fat she's like my ex-girlfriend... I can't get within 100 yards of her Yo Mama so fat up on Uranus their saying X marks the spot Yo mama so fat but I screwed her ne way Yo mama so fat she grinded her roller skates flat Yo mama so fat, shes the reason London Bridge is falling down. yo mamma so fat I took a picture of her on christmas and it still printing Yo mama so fat she uses a stick of butter for chapstick. Yo mama so fat that she woke up on all four sides of the bed! Yo Mama's so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving! your mama is so fat I tried to hang a picture of her on my wall, and my wall fellover. Yo mama so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please Yo mama so fat that when she was born the doctors had to give her a pregnancy test! Yo mama so fat when she masterbates it looks like a 3-way Yo mama so fat when she wears light blue people yell "Tsunami". Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY! Yo mama so fat the police man said lady please move that exercising ball. Yo mama so fat she shops at the Gap and now its the Filled Yo mama so fat the back of her head looks like hot dogs Yo mama so fat shes like the ocean....Big...Wide...and filed with Cubans! Yo mama so fat she has soft elbows Yo mama so fat instead of an STD she gave me cholestorol Yo momma so fat she made Jabba the Hut go dayyyyummmm.  Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck! Yo mama so fat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead Yo mama so fat she's like an SUV "Big Black and room for 6 construction workers inside" Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby Yo momma so fat she gotta eating disorder. She eat dis order, & that order, & everybody else's order too Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it. yo mom is so fat all i hear when she walks by  is heffty heffty heffty Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo. Yo Mama So Fat......That evryone is extremely concerned for her health and hopes she gets better. Yo mama so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping Yo Momma's so huge, she looked at the Empire State Building, and said, "Hey look! A Barbie Dream House!" Yo mama so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground. Yo mama so fat when she back up she beep. Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck. Yo mama so fat she has to buy two airline tickets. Yo mama so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again. Yo mama so fat she influences the tides. Yo mama so fat she uses Mount Everest as a dildo yo mama so fat, when she made a club penguin account, SHE TIPPED THE ICE-BERG!!! Yo mama so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas. Yo mama so fat she hasn't seen her waistline since 85 Yo mama so fat she puts mayonaisse on her diet pills Yo mamas sooooo fat she didnt need to take a flight she was already in China. Yo mama so fat that when she crossed the street every body thaught that she was a roundabout Yo mama so fat, she step on a lego and broke it! Yo mama so fat when she walked out in August in her yellow sun dress and the kids said mommy its time for school. Yo mama so fat, her favorite word is Gravy cuz she puts that shit on everything. Yo mama so fat when she wears Nike's they say Nickeloden Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people yell "Taxi!!" Yo mama so fat she puts mayonasise on asprin Yo mama so fat she shops for her clothes in the maternity section! yo mamma so fat when she got in a plane she was like the Japanese Kamikaze, up up up crash. Yo mama so fat she bathes with Shamu at Sea World Yo mamma is so fat she was talking on her telephone and it got lost in her ear. Yo mama so fat she has to pull her pants down to get into her pockets Yo mama so fat she went cow tipping and got pushed over Yo mama so fat, that in the summer, she sells her own shade. Yo mama so fat, her fingers are too fat for the iPad. Yo mama so fat, she used jumper cables for suspenders your mamas so fat if you slice her in fruit ninja, you automatically win the game! Yo mama so fat, her address is McDonalds Yo Mama so fat that it takes 40 men and 4 cranes to get her in Skinny Jeans Yo mamma so fat and dumb, she thinks she's in shape, because circle is a shape. Yo mama so fat, she had a twin, but she ate her. Yo mama so fat she went bungee jumping and broke the bridge Yo mama so fat the only time she lifts weights is when she gets out of bed Your mama so fat the only letters in the alphabet she knows is KFC Yo mama so fat shes on the seafood diet, she sees food and she eats it Yo mama so fat it took her four weeks to die from lethal injection Yo mama so fat her nipples touch on her back Yo mama so fat she's a middleweight prostitute Yo mama so fat she pulls her pants down and her ass is still in them. Yo mama so fat the animals at the zoo feed her. Yo mama so fat that when she jumped off a bridge she baptised the whole world. Yo mama so fat not even Jesus could lift her spirits Yo mama so fat she needs a lattitude and longitude number to find her own asshole Yo mama so fat they had to put her back pockets in front Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon yo momma so fat she has enough rolls to feed china. Yo Momma so fat, You can print out a picture of her and use it as a paperweight. Yo mama so fat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring Yo mama so fat she has shocks on her toilet Yo mama so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips. Yo mama is so fat when she lays on the bed she falls from all sides. Yo mama is so fat, a hyperbole coulden't exagerate her weight Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping the bears hide their food Yo mama is so fat, your daddy had to hire an engineer to reinforce their bed Yo mama so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her Yo mama so fat she stands in two time zones. Yo mama so fat that when she died even god couldn't lift her spirit. Yo mama so fat when she climbed the full moon it cracked in half your mamma's so fat she made the sumo wrestlers look anorexic. Yo, mama so fat when she weres a shirt with pictures on it they become 3-D Yo mama so fat she stepped on the scale and it said my phone number. Yo Mama's so fat she uses a Snickers for a toothbrush. yo mama is so fat the police stoped her and told her to stop selling crack Yo mama so fat that when she goes to KFC she says, "can i get the bucket on the roof?" Yo mama so fat she walked in front of the tv and i missed the hole titanic movie Yo mama so fat she stepped on a dollar and got cents Yo Mama so fat after Hostess went bankrupt all she does is chase school buses Yo mama so fat when she gets a cut she bleeds milkshake Yo Mama so fat she became the eighth wonder of the world. Yo mama so fat she puts on a black bathing suit, gets in the ocean, and everyone screams "Oil Spill." Yo Mama is so fat, when she got on the scale her phone number showed up! Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody! Yo Mama So Fat She Use A Flat Bed Truck As A Bed Yo mama so fat that every buffet in the world has her picture on the window with a Big X on it. Yo mama so fat she started flashing people and got arrested for trafficking. Yo mama so fat the only way she'll lose weight is if she loses a leg to diabetes Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks "Real women have curves and diabetes" Yo mama so fat the only liquor she knows is liquorice Yo mamas so fat she has more rolls than a bakery! Yo momma so fat when she  went to the zoo she got put in with hippos Yo mama is so fat, her nearest toilet is EVERYWHERE! Yo mama's so fat,when she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!". Yo mama so fat she jumped into the ocean and made the whales sing "we are family, even though you are fatter than me." Yo mama so fat she went in a bed store, and ask for a waterbed, the owner put a blanket over the Pacific Ocean Yo mama so fat, she thought that she was having a stomach ache when she was really going into labor Yo mama so fat, she was sued for eating people, so she ate the prosecutor Yo mama so fat, she uses mayonnaise for toothpaste, and Coca-Cola for mouthwash Your mama so fat that when she runs every one shouts EARTHQUAKE. Yo Mama's so fat, she makes Jonah Hill look superbad at gaining weight! Yo mama so fat, she got arrested for selling crack Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born her mother said to her husband DAMN I should have just gave you head  Yo mama so fat, her picture heavy yo mamas so fat that when you poke her with a fork she bleeds chocolate milk yo mama so fat she has to eat with a fork lift driver Yo mama so fat she gotta do the matix just to get of her car Your mum so fat when she walk around people say there go the  neighborhood! Yo mama so fat she cant take pictures, she have to take billboards! Yo mama so fat she uses a flat bed truck as a bed. yo mama so fat her ass needed 5 zipcodes Yo mama so fat when she sat on the toilet it sang abcdefg  get your fat butt off of me. Yo mama so fat she look like a obese teddy graham that should be haven a million bras two in the front of her neck,two in the back of her neck, ten on her back, eleven on her stomach, six on each arm and leg and theigh, and one wrapped around each toe,and a tripple d cup size bra to hold up her virgina! Yo mum so fat that I walked around her twice and got lost! Yo mama so fat she jumped off the Grand Canyon and got stuck Yo mama's so fat that her part time job is being a tug boat! Yo mama so fat that when God sent her to heaven she fell down to hell. Yo momma so fat that her senior picture had to be taken from space. Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean a tsunami wiped out half of Japan. Yo mama so fat she can play pool with the planets. Yo mamas so fat that she donates her fat rolls to the bakery. Yo mama is so fat that when she saw a yellow bus she said "there goes my twinkie" Yo mama so fat when shewent to the zoo she got put in with the hippos. yo mama so fat she play hopscotch like this Washington, Texas, Florida, Mexico. Your mom so fat when she got on the scale the doctor looked at the number and said "That's my phone number." Yo momma so fat that she has a gravitational pull Your mom's so fat that she called a group of scientists to calculate the amount of chins she has. yo mama so fat when she got shot in the leg the doctors couldn't find the bullet Yo Momma so fat, a Blind Dude pointed at her and said "That Bitch is FAT" Yo mama is so fat that her car is made out of spandex. Yo mama so fat that u have to take 2 airplanes and bus to get on her good side. Yo mama so fat her stretch marks got stretch marks. Your moma is so fat, when she had fever it caused global warming. Yo mamma so ridiculous she is ridiculously fat. Yo mama so fat she wears the eqautor for a belt just to hold up her pants. Yo mama so fat that her nickname is Fatty McButterpants. Yo momma so fat, she uses Jupiter as a basketball yo mama is so fat she thought the first 3 letters of the alphabet was KFC Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the childern come running to the bus stop. Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in. Your mom is so fat, she uses the asteroid belt to slice her foods. Your mom is so fat, she is standing on Marianas Trench, which is the reason why it's the lowest point on Earth. Your mom is so fat, the Hubble telescope took a picture of her not on Earth but on the opposite point of the universe. Yo mama is so fat that the government could use her jelly-rolls to stop world hunger. Yo mama so fat she fell off the bed and went straight to hell Yo mama so fat that even god couldn't raise her spirit Yo mama so fat she got stuck in the grand canyon Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed three episodes. Yo mama so fat that her feet need license plates. Your momma so fat that when people want to clean the tunnels they tie ropes around her shoulders and pull her through them Yo Mama so fat she wears a vcr as a beeper Yo mama so fat she had to take a specially made taxi the size of the united states. Yo mama so fat when she hop she goes from Europe to asia to africa to anartica Yo mama is so fat she brought a spoon to the Superbowl. Yo mama so fat she got her own area code Your mom is so fat, the NASA ordered her to clean up the satellite junks floating above. Your mom is so fat, even all dark matter from space is falling into her right now. Yo mama's so fat, she has to fly cargo class. Your mom is so fat, when all the planets got aligned, she played hopscotch on them, starting from the sun. yo mama so fat, she went to disneyland and was offered a group discount. Yo momma so fat,her car has stretch marks. Your mum is so fat when sat on the rocket the rocket couldn't lift off Yo momma so fat, they used Google Earth for her school photo. Yo mama so fat when she was watching the food network & turned over she missed 2 episodes. Yo momma so fat she broke up Pangea! yo momma so fat, she has to get pulled by a trailer to get home Yo mama so fat she fills up tha bathtub then she turns on the water. Yo mama so fat that when she farts, the richter scale says 9.0! Yo mama so fat the shadow of her butt weighs fifty pounds. Yo mama so fat she sat in the middle of the road and got mistakened for a roundabout. Yo mama so fat NASA uses her farts for rocket fuel Yo momma so fat she has double wide swinging restuarant doors in her house. Yo mama is so fat she wore a pink and yellow spotted dress and a girl thought she was Mr blobby Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!! Yo mama so fat she is in love with the great wall of china Yo mama so fat her strech marks spell out "big bitch" Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!! Yo mama so fat when she walk up a street pepole thought the sun was coming. Yo momma so fat her favorite children's book is "Three Little Pigs in a Blanket" yo mama so fat that that when she was walking home she tripped over Wal-mart and landed on Target. Yo mama so fat that when she sat on the toilet she said ooh this ain't comfortable. Because she was sitting on a broken chair! Yo mama so fat, I wasted all my gas driving around her!! Yo momma so fat when she walks across the isle at the theatre everybody misses the movie Yo mama so fat she made the movie "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower. Yo mama so fat that her belt size is the equator. Yo momma so fat, she got stuck in an armless chair. Yo mama is so fat to keep her cold at night she doesnt use a fan she uses a helicopter Your momma so fat she sat on 2 Sumo wrestlers and got arrested for double homicide Yo mama is so fat that her car is made out of spandex. Yo mama so fat her blood type is Rocky Road Yo momma is so fat a truck hit her and she asked who pelt that stone! Yo mama's so fat she could stand on the sidewalk and still get hit by a car. Yo momma so fat she has a shape of a pepsi not the bottle THE CAN! Yo mama so fat when she said beam me up scotty he said "I cant your to heavy." Yo mama so fat her butt cheecks look two pigs fiting over a milk dud Yo mama is so fat that when your school bus passed by she ran after it trying to catch that twinkie Yo mama so fat she got hit by a bus and was like "who be thowin rocks at me"... Yo mama so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said to be continued Yo mama so fat every time she walked in JCPennys they said its all inside Yo Mama is so fat that when she travelled to a different country they said "Oh look there's an American". Yo mama is so fat she hopped over walmart, tripped over kmart, rolled over sears and landed on target. Yo mama so fat the bath tub sits in her! Yo mama so fat that when she farted she started global warming your mama so fat she has pictures of food in her wallet yo mammas so fat when she went to "In 'n' Out" she couldn't get in or out Yo Mamma's So Fat, When God Said Let There Bel Light, He Asked Her To Move Out Of The Way. Yo mama so fat, she wears "Hammer Pants" as skinny jeans Yo mama so fat everytime she TRIES to masterbate she can only find her belly button Yo momma so fat that Cristopher Colombus claimed her for the new world. Yo momma so fat, the rent money was stuck in her belly button for a month and ya'll got evicted cuz she could'nt find it Yo momma so fat, she lost a face cloth and a bar of soap in the crack of her ass trying to take a shower Yo mama so fat that if you tried to kick her butt you might never get your foot back Your Mama So Fat When She Bungie Jumps..She Goes Straight 2 Hell Yo mama so fat she use a county issued trash can for a girdle. Yo mama so fat if she go skydiving up in the Northeast there'd be 6 Great lakes. Your mama so fat when she jumped in the ocean she said "Beat that Moses." Yo Mama is so fat her high school photo was a double page spread. Yo mama so fat that when she leaned on the "Empire State Building", it tipped Yo mama so fat, she rolls up the stairs! Yo mama so fat she put a blanket over the ocean and called it a water bed Yo momma so fat dat she left out da house wit heels on and came home wit flats on. yo mama is so fat when she got in her car she says "Dam kids, they popped my tires" Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scale Buzzlightear popped out and said to infinity and beyond Yo mama so fat she went to da zoo and da elephants was jealous yo mommas so fat that when she walks around the house she walks "around" the house Yo mama so fat when shes in her car and she sticks out her hand, the car will turn! yo mama so fat that when she walked pass the t.v. you missed a marathon yo mama so fat that when she laughs she farts yo mama so fat her strechmarks got strechmarks! yo mama's so fat that when she wore a red shirt, people said hey look koolaid! Yo mom is so fat that she walked into a tattoo parlor and the worker said "Wooaahh! We don't paint murals!" Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v.you missed three episodes. Yo Mama is so Fat.. when she tried to take a bath the water jumped out and said "Nah brah, I'll wait." Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in! Yo mama so fat that when she goes out to eat she looks at the menu and says okay Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the children come running to the bus stop. Yo mama so fat when she gave birth to you  it took them 7 days to find you ! Yo mama so fat she jump into the sea and the sea jump out Yo momma so fat the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie in the street. Yo mama, so fat 500 people cant pick her up, not even a fork lift Yo momma, so fat that everytime she takes a step the Earth's orbit changes Yo mommas so fat when she goes to the beach people ask her is she wearing bottoms! Yo Momma So Fat They Used Her For The New Years Ball Drop Yo Momma So Fat she has stretch marks on her toenails Your mamas so fat einstien based the black hole theory on her Ass hole Yo momma so fat when she fell off the roof people thought it was santa claus! Yo momma so big, she went to the airport and asked for a ticket. And they gave her clearance to take off! Yo momma is so fat she needs a GPS to find her ass hole yo mama so fat her belly button gets home 15 mins before she does Yo mama so fat she ate herself alive Yo Mama so fat she hoola-hooped the Superbowl Yo momma's so fat, Borden's called her and asked for their cottage cheese back. Yo mama so fat she was laying on the side of the beach and a kid walked by and said "WOAH BEACHED WHALE" yo mama so fat when I kicked her in the stomach porkchops came out of her ass yo mama is so fat, when she walks on the road her butts clap Yo Mama is so fat when she came up missing they couldnt fit her face on the milk carton so they branded it on the side of the cow. Yo mama's so fat she broke her own branch on the family tree. Yo Mama is so fat, she created a black hole because she has attained infinite mass. yo mama's so fat that when I thought I heard music from her cellphone in her pocket she instead pulled out and ice cream truck. Yo momma so fat her double chin is bigger then your ass your mama so fat, she has smaller fat women orbiting around her yo mama is so big dora can't explore her yo mama so fat you can stand on top of her and Hi-5 jesus. yo mama so fat her blood is doughnut jelly yo mama so fat she play hop scotch like pennsylvania, new york, maine, massachussets Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking her when her baby is due yo mama's so fat she jumped in the swiming pool and said "Where did all the water go" Your Mama SO Fat when she got on the scale it said lose some weight bitch yo mama so fat when she got on the bus the bus driver asked how'd she got on the bus Yo mam so fat, when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuum yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from Jenny Craig is the door! Yo momma so fat she has her own orbit yo mamma so fat she sneeze bacon grease Yo mama so fat she sat on the bus seat an the bus tilted over yo mama so fat when she had surgery it took hours for the doctors to get to the flesh your mama so fat when she ordered a water bed they put a blanket over the Mississippi River Your mama's so fat that at her wedding the ring bearer was Saturn. Yo mama so fat, when sumo wrestlers landed on her, they flew off into space. yo mamas so fat that she rolls up her matress to use it as a tampon! Yo mama so fat, she cant float, even in space! Ya mummas so fat she has to put her boobs in the back seat to drive yo momma so fat every time she rolls out of bed she finds six naked men attached to her ass. Yo mama's so fat that two guys could be having sex with her at once and they still would never meet. yo mama so fat when she fell down I tried not to laugh, but the ground was cracking up. Yo momma so fat she sweat bacon bits yo mama's so fat scientists thought Jupiter was her brother. Yo momma so fat when she jumped into the alantic ocean she brought back titanic Yo momma so fat her kidney stones are the size of boulders. yo mama so fat, when she goes on vacation, everyone gotta put sun block on Yo mama so chubby when she went out to the strip club, they called her momma shake weight Yo mama's so fat that when God said "Let there be light." he had to ask her to move out of the way first. yo mama's so fat, even her myspace has no space. Yo momma is so fat the only thing stoping her on the way to mcdonalds is the door Yo momma so fat, even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction Yo mama so fat she broke the 64 block limit on Minecraft. yo momma so fat when she swam in the mediterranean sea and even Italy couldn't kick her out. Yo momma is so fat during pregnancy she went to the hospital in a tow truck. Yo Mama So Fat She Was Wearing An All Blue Shirt And Hawaiians Said, "Oh Shit Tsunami." Yo Mamas so fat she has three pockets on the back of her jeans. Yo mamma so fat when she traveled to outer space people thought she was the moon Yo mamma so fat when I tickeled her, she didnt feel it! Yo Mama so fat she uses the highway as a slip and slide Yo momma so fat she said she would get me a snack walked in front of the tv and I missed the superbowl Yo mama so fat and poor that when her kids said "i want trampoline for Christmas" she said you dont need one! You've got me! BOUNCE BOUNCE! Yo mama so fat when she turned around she knocked Mars out of orbit Yo mama so fat the police used her as a road block! Yo mama so fat her nose and her butt are in different time zones. Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away" yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven Yo mama so fat that when she jumped out an airplane her fat rolls made their own parachute. Yo mama is so fat when she was in Call of Duty she got killed and the person that killed her got a five person kill streak. Yo Momma so fat she makes fat people look skinny Yo momma so fat that she thinks the ocean is like jumping in a puddle Yo mama so fat that when we die we can't go to heaven or hell because it's all full yo mama is so fat instead of swimming with the dolphins she goes out to the ocean and and swims with the whales yo mommas so fat when she sat down she caused an eathquake on the OTHER side of the WORLD! yo mama so fat that her back rolls cried justin timberlake a river. yo momma so fat that when she entered the fat racing contest she came in first second and third yo mama is so fat she has her own energy source yo mama so fat that when she was wearing a hollister shirt, a helicopter landed on the H yo mama so fat that when she hears the doorbell she runs to the microwave singing  'HOT POCKETS'!!! yo mama so fat she couldn't have sex with king kong yo mama so fat that when its time to take the subway no one else can come on! Yo mommas so fat when she sat in the tub it sang bubble bubble abc  get your big a$$ out of me. yo mamma so fat when shes mad she turns into a tomato Yo mama so fat, when's she walk down the street, she creates potholes. yo mama is so fat when she went to the movies, everyone asked "Can this screen be any bigger? yo mama is so fat when she was in outer space she had more gravitational pull than all the planets combined..... YO momma so fat that the goverment thought that she was RUSSIA. Yo mama so fat they needed a bulldozer to bury her, may she Rest In Peace. yo momma so fat when she pulls her panties down to her knees she still has pu**y in them. Yo momma so fat she asked Jenny Craig how many Weight Watchers points Self-Esteem was worth yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean it became the Pacific desert Yo mama's so fat when she sat on a tree it made paper. Yo mama is so fat that when she had fish and chips she used her belly button as a salt cellar. Yo mama so fat, wine companies stand in line waiting for her to shit so they can buy it and harvest their Vineyards. Yo mama so fat the equator is smaller then her waist line. yo momma so fat every time she goes grocery shopping workers yell "Deliverys here" yo momma is so fat......She has bacon-bits in her blood Yo mama so fat that when she went to Walmart she couldn't get in OR out!  Yo Mama is so fat she uses a king size mattress for a maxi pad. Yo momma so fat, that one side of her lives in a parallel universe. yo mamma's so fat when she wading in the atlantic ocean, people could get to New York from London without having to pay yo mama so fat she has the weight loss commercial for a ringtone Yo mama so fat when she farts they have to put it on the weather channel! Yo Mama so fat when she went swimming Japanese whalers on the other side of the ocean harpooned her yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and they used her as a replica of the war of 1812 Yo mama so fat when she gets out of the shower, her legs are still dry!! Yo mama is so fat, NASA qualified her as a planet Yo mama so fat when she sits on an active volcano she makes a whole beach yo mama is fat that when she sits on a semi they say "Ok now give me the over size load sign." Yo mama so fat, she went to take her blood test and the machine said "Life at STEAK". Yo mama so fat, She ate popcorn out of the whole theater! Yo mama so fat that when she passes by the tv, Jesse Pinkman was in and out of rehab 4 times. yo mama so fat half of her ass was in a parallel universe Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her. yo mama so fat and old she sat on a toy airplane and invented the jet Yo mama is so fat she tried out for the Indiana Jones movie and got the part as the rolling boulder Yo mama is so fat, that when she dies, they will need to make a whole new cemetary! Yo mama so fat her farts started global warming and if she died it would be over. Yo mama so fat she made a ditch the grand canyon yo mama is so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg. your mom is so fat she ate the rest of the joke Yo mamma's so fat when people are looking for a moonbounce they call her! Yo mama so fat she got an ocean side house and said her pool was to small. Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking when the triplets are due Yo mama is so fat she went to space and never floated. Yo mama is so fat that I had a dream about her and I woke up with a broken neck. Yo mama so fat she went to the elephant exhibit at the zoo and had a family reunion. Yo mama is so fat when she walks into a manwhore house all she gets is a cheese sandwich. Yo mamma so fat when she sat on the bible Jesus came begging her to set his people free Yo Mama so fat her idea of eating pork is eating the entire pig. Ya mamma so fat she thinks biscuits are like tic tacs Yo mama is so fat that she makes a whale look like a tic-tac Yo mammas so fat, she went to Syria and farted.... and Barack Obama almost bombed the country for having weapons of mass destruction. Yo momma so fat that a car can park on her back. Yo momma so fat, they got to use garden tools to give her a pap smear. Yo momma so fat Nasa though they found a second moon Yo momma so fat, it takes 4 rolls of toilet paper and a Bed sheet to wipe her ass! Yo mama so fat, she used to have a six-pack, but she drank it Your mama so fat when she saw herself on the weather channel she said "Wow I never new I was that fat" Yo momma so fat, she got steering wheel burns on her belly from driving to work everyday.. Yo mama is so fat that when I had sex with her and rolled over 3 times I was still on that b**ch. Yo momma so fat she hopped in a monster truck and made it a low rider Yo momma so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her. yo mamma was so fat when she left the beach, the people all shouted the coast is cleared You momma so fat when she tryied out for rhymatic gymnastics she had to hoola hoop in saturns rings. yo mama so fat she can name every Restaurant because there all in her stomach. Yo mamma's ass is so fat when she sits down she's three feet taller yo mamma so fat I thought she worked at KFC, but in fact she was their best customer. Yo mama so heavy, that when she goes on an elevator, it turns into Hellevator. yo momma so large, she doesn't need a data plan, she's already world wide. yo momma so fat at McDonalds she looked at the menu and said okay Yo mama so fat when she said "I'm jonesen for a milky way, she meant the entire galaxy" yo mama so fat you need a g.p.s to walk around her Yo mama so fat that she inspired Al Gore to invent the World Wide Web. Yo mama so fat she has to call 911 anytime she wants to leave the house. yo mama's so fat when she sat on the side walk she got a parking ticket! yo mammas so fat when she sat on the floor she went to the basement Yo Mama So Fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up..... yo mama so fat she eats a prize pig for breakfast and a family of whales for a light snack Yo mama is fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole.  yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty. yo momma is so fat when she got into her mini van construction workers had to tape over size load on the back Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone layer yo mama so fat her shirt size is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXL Yo momma so fat she walked in the aquariam and the tour guide said "How did this whale get out?" yo mama so fat and thats that. yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt. yo mama so fat that when she put a sparkley dress, she almost brought back disco. Yo mama so fat for halloween she wore a black plastic bag and when i asked her what she was going as she said night. People used to be able to fall in love, but yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it. Yo mama so fat, SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES! Yo mamma so fat, when she's thirsty she puts a straw in the ocean. Yo mamas so fat she doesn't need two others to make a crowd. Your mums so fat, she's in every time zone Your mum so fat she needs a digital scale to remember her phone number. Yo mama so fat she makes "Free Willy" look like a goldfish.  Yo mama so fat when they took pictures of Earth it looked like Earth had a pimple. Yo mama so fat that when she got up from her desk she had to bring it home with her. Yo mama so fat and large only the sun is jealous of her. yo mama so fat, she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn". Yo mommas so fat after she gave birth it took the doctors a year to find you. Yo Mama so fat and her teeth are so yellow the only cat calls she gets are "Hey Taxi" Yo mama so fat and old that her falling caused Pangaea to break apart. Your momma is so fat she uses the Great wall of China as a belt. Yo momma so fat she has to wait for it to rain before she can take a shower. Yo momma so fat she farted in the ocean and caused El Nino. Your mamma so fat she calls the apple orchard a fruit salad. Yo momma so fat people at the carnival said "How many tickets to ride that blimp?" Your mama so fat that when you where born they couldn't find..... You Yo mom is so large when she gets on a elevator it always goes to the ground floor. Yo mama so fat evel knievel called and wanted to jump her ....(with his motorcycle) Yo Mamas SO Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her your mom so fat when she she turns around its her birthday Yo mama soo fat she ate the rest of my joke Yo Mamas so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling. Yo mummy is so fat, when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself! yo mama so fat that when i moved from china to England, she was still my neighbor. Yo mama so fat that when she sails, she sails underwater. yo mama so fat when she went to the gynecologist and told them she was pregnant, they didn't think she could get any bigger. yo mama so fat when she goes up a flight of stairs she leaves dents in them yo mama so fat and blonde that when the sun retired she was eligible to take its place. Yo Mama so fat, when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in! Yo momma so fat her engagement ring was one of Saturn's Yo mama so fat, fast food stock prices go up and down based on her eating habits. Yo mamma so fat, when she does the hokey pokey her left leg goes outside of earth Your mama's so fat that she makes the national debt look small! Yo mama so fat she fell down and rocked her self asleep trying to get up yo mama so fat her ass got mistaken for Uranus Yo mama so fat that when she wore her wedding dress people thought it was snowing Yo mama's so fat, when she's going on an airplane, she her ass has to pay for baggage fees. yo mamma so fat that when she stand on one end of the Earth the other end lift up Yo momma so fat, her village got 1000 cattle as a dowry, when they gave her to cannibals. Yo mama so fat she doesnt have to be famous to be nation wide. Yo mamma so fat the elephant at the zoo thought they were related. Yo moma so fat, they call her belly the low rider. Yo mamma so fat, scientists proved that the moon orbits her. yo mama so fat when i asked to have sex it took her years to take off her clothes You Mamas so fat when we talk about mother earth we are referring to her. Yo mama so fat, when she went to Japan in a green bikini, everyone screamed,"GODZILLA!!" Yo mama so fat she went to the store and tryed to go down one isle and took up two! Yo mama so fat, when she bent down, the Grand Canyon got jealous yo mama so fat every time she turns around they give her a welcome back party. Yo momma so fat if she lived on Pluto, scientists would call it a planet again. Yo mamas so fat, she was Miley Cyrus's wrecking ball. Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on my 3DS she turned it into a 2DS. Yo momma so fat, when she sat on a scooter she turned it into a bike. Yo mama so fat and poor the national weather service had to call her and tell her to stop stomping out her roaches cause she's causing earthquakes Yo mama so fat, when she sits on a hockey puck, it becomes a flat tire! Yo mamma so fat, she uses the local car wash to take a shower. Yo mama so fricken fat if she could bend over she could disprove the laws of physics Yo mamma is so fat when she gets hit by a bus she yelled "Who throw that Twinkie at me?"  Yo Momma so fat i was by the ocean in the morning and by the time she passed me I missed the sunset. Yo mama so fat, she fell and hit the Earth, it caused the Ice Age. Yo mama so fat an 18 wheeler could fit in her ass crack. yo mama so fat she sat on a bear and turned it into rug Yo mama so fat the FDA took her to a grocery store to look for organic food items. yo mama so fat that when she went to a store with XXXXXXXXXXL shirts, they said ,"to get cloths for you, get a time machine and kill a wooly mammoth. Yo mama so fat, she jumped into the Pacific Ocean and Tsunami sirens sounded in Southeast Asia. Your momma so fat, when she jumped into the ocean, Gilligan, the Skipper, the Millon and his Wife, Movie Star, the Professer and Maryann had land to walk home. Yo mamma's so fat, her plumbers crack is more like a plumbers ravine. Yo momma so fat, she uses the entire country of Mexico as a tanning bed. Yo mamma so fat the abandoned ship said "Land ho." Yo mama so fat, when she farted, homeland security thought it was a dirty bomb. Yo momma's so fat, she sued the State of Florida because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale. Yo mama so fat, she eats soup with the Big Dipper. Yo mama like the baconater. Big, greasy, and meaty. Yo mum so fat, a picture of her weighs more than I do. Yo mama so fat, she has to take selfies in parts Yo momma so fat, when she was in space, scientists thought her neck was pluto. Yo mama so fat I asked her what her favorite animal was, and she said the ones I can eat. I bet you know about Fast and Furious, right? But....Yo mama so fat, she's the star of the reality show: Fat and Furious. I have a big belly and a big face I eat too many burgers and I hate veggies! Who am I . Your mama! Knock Knock, Who's there?  WHALE.  whale who?!  yo mama so fat she's a Whale of a good time Yo mama so fat I asked her about the M.O.B. tattoo on her arm "Money Over Bitches?" She said "No, Mcdonalds Over Burger King" Yo mama so flat she's jealous of the wall! Yo mama so flat she's jealous of a book! Yo mama so flat she's jealous of a piece of paper! yo momma is like a brick flat on both sides and gets laid by Mexicans Yo mama is like a carpenter's dream "flat as a board and easy to nail." Yo mama's so flat, people ask if she's from the second dimension. Yo mama's so flat, high school teens use her as a gymnastics mat. Yo mama so flat, she gets jealous when your dad turns a door knob. yo mama booty so flat it look like sheetrock Yo mama so flat the great plains got jealous Yo mama is so flat that if you folded her, she could be a paper airplane yo momma so flat she is jealous of my computer screen Yo mama so flat, I wiped my feet on what I thought was a rug then she said,"Get your crappy shoes off me! Your grounded!" Yo mama so flat she called the doctor and asked if she had a sex change and forgot. Yo mamma so flat you can see her heartbeat while you read her sarcastic t-shirt. Yo mama so flat and old she holds the distinction of being the first person to be called a "flatmate". Yo mama so flat and so gassy her nickname is flatulence. Yo momma so flat that flattery makes her angry. yo mama so flat, white and tall, when she fell people used her as a sidewalk! Yo mama so flat that a joke about yo momma is called a flatliner. Yo mama so flat she got jealous of a pancake. Yo mamma so flat she can't sideways when taking a selfie. Yo momma so flat, for Halloween, she was a Listerine Breath Strip. Yo mama so flat, she refuses to iron her wrinkled shirts. Yo mama so flat her areolas look like coasters. Yo momma so flat I couldn't find her in the family picture because she was standing sideways. Yo mama's so ghetto, she puts her food stamps in a money clip.  Yo mama's so ghetto, she brings fried chicken to the movie theater Yo mama's so ghetto, her baby daddy and her boyfriend share a bunk-bed.  Yo mama's so ghetto, she pretends her pager is a cellphone yo mamma so ghetto that when you asked her for a glass of milk she said pick a titty Yo mama's so ghetto, she does drive by shootings on the bus Yo mama's so ghetto, she was born in a bucket at KFC.  Yo mama's so ghetto, the only gold she wears is on her teeth.  Yo mama's so ghetto, she washes paper plates.  Yo Mama's so ghetto, she's got 40oz. tits. Yo mama's so ghetto, she came to McDonald with a gallon and filled it up with sweet tea Yo mama's so ghetto, her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a food stamp in it.  Yo mama's so ghetto, her idea of a fortune cookie is an Oreo with a food stamp in the middle.  Yo momma so ghetto she makes a homeless person look like a millionaire! Yo momma so ghetto, she wheelies on a ten speed.  Yo momma so ghetto, she makes Kool-Aid without adding sugar.  Yo mama so ghetto dat every thing she eats is in cans Yo mama so ghetto her face is on the front of a foodstamp. Yo mama so ghetto her phone bill is nothing but 911 calls yo mama so ghetto when you ask her for milk she says pick a boob! Yo mama so ghetto she uses expired foodstamps as tampons. Yo mama so ghetto she rated R for Ratchet Yo mama so ghetto she uses candy  wrappers as wall paper Yo mama so ghetto that she even eats the core of the apple. Yo mama so ghetto that she still plays with baby toys Yo mama so ghetto that all ya movies and cd's are bootleg Yo mama so ghetto she goes to coinstar to cash in her change in order to eat something from the McDonald's dollar menu. Yo mama so ghetto her engagement ring is from the pawn shop Yo mama so ghetto when the doctor takes her blood only weed and kool-aid come out Yo momma so ghetto she rips off the cover from the phone book and uses it as a dust pan Yo momma so ghetto all her wigs are bright a** colors Your mama such a hoodrat she got arrested for dabbing too much Yo mama so ghetto her ps3 controller is made of cardboard and rubber bands Yo mama so ghetto when she runs out of lotion she uses crisco instead Yo mama so ghetto she breatfeeds kool-aid, shits chicken bones, and pisses grape soda Yo momma so ghetto she sells her food stamps to get her nails done Yo mama so ghetto she brings ziplock bags in her purse to a buffet. Yo mama so ghetto that she saves child support for a new pair of Jordans Yo mama so ghetto the bitch breastfed you with gin and juice yo mama so ghetto she uses kool aid packs as hair dye Yo mama so ghetto she makes spaghetti with ramen noodles and ketchup packets Yo mama so ghetto she got her wedding dress at Wal-Mart Yo mama so ghetto she wears red, neon green, purple, and yellow in the same damn outfit Yo mama so ghetto her bestfriend has the same baby daddy and they joke about it Yo mama so ghetto she steals toilet paper from public restrooms Yo mama so ghetto when she does grocery shopping she hide packets of kool-aid under the box of ramen noodles. yo mama so ghetto when I went over her house and asked what's for  dinner she opened her legs and said fish sticks yo daddy so ghetto he runs an extension cord trough your yard to use the neighbors electricity Yo daddy so ghetto he bought a new vacuum and put the old one in the new box and returned it to the store Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.  Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she turns them around she can see yesterday.  Yo momma glasses are so thick, she can burn ants with them. Yo mamas glasses so thick she can see past the horizon line of a black hole Yo momma glasses are so thick, a blind person could see with them. Yo mama so blind she couldn't even see god as her lord Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she can read all 7 Harry Potter books at the same time. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can watch old movies in technicolor. Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she knows exactly whats inside Taco Bell Beef. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you when your going to get a pimple a week in advance. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see a rainbow on a sunny day. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you what your son looks like before he's born. Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she can learn five different languages all at once. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you how gay the Twilight books are, before ever turning a page. Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can solve mysteries faster than Velma on Scooby Doo. Yo mama so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid! Yo mama so greasy she sweats Crisco! Yo mama so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her Yo mama so greasy when she slid into second she ended up in Detroit
